New: add role and aria-selected attributes to Navigation items (#860)
WTW-IM/es-components: packages/es-components/src/components/navigation/sidenav/SideNav.md

Use `SideNav` to create an uncontrolled navigation menu. Each `SideNav.Item` will render with the same styling. A `SideNav.Item` only accepts one child component and will typically be a `a`, `button`, or client side routing `Link`-type component.

> For accessibility, the `SideNav` will be rendered with the role of `tablist` and each `HorizontalNav.Item` will be rendered with the role of `tab`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For accessibility, the `SideNav` will be rendered with the role of `tablist` and each `SideNav.Item` will be rendered with the role of `tab`.

For best results, your container which displays the content that each `SideNav.Item` is pointing to should have `aria-role="tabpanel"`, and your `SideNav.Item` should have `aria-controls={id_of_tabpanel_item}`. For more detailed usage, you can review [this MDN article about the `tabpanel` role](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tabpanel_role).
```
